# JWEB ADVANCED BUSINESS
=========

JWEB ADVANCED BUSINESS  is   invented  by wilmix jemin  j  at  JDollar(JWEB) P.L  at year  2017.

JWEB ADVANCED BUSINESS  is  focused  on  Advanced  Business  Programming   using   the   Frameworks
which   is  given  below...  Here   You   had  to  follow   External  Advanced  Business
Techniques  with  JSWORD.


JWEB has userfriendly framework called as
JAUF.and it has latest frameworks like
JC , Jeb, JShell, JSync, ODollar, Oplus,
WHTML, Petal, VJAVA, VSLASH ,and GJAVA.
JWEB use all these Latest P.L
for mobile and P.L like
JSAUCER with JWEB. SO JWEB is called as
a "SKY Programming Language".

Differences Between JWEB and JSAUCER
when to use?
1) JWEB is used and it permits it's latest
Frameworks and other native P.L like
C++, .Net, etc.
Hence we call JWEB as an Interactive P.L.

2) JSaucer never permits and it is used only
with mobile remotewebapplication with
mobile phones like Android.

3) One who learn JSaucer has depth knowledge
with mobile remotewebapplication.

THE LIST OF Latest Framework and Programming Language belong to JWEB part7 or interact with JWEB with Merits

1) JAUF -> Userfriendly and GUI Design
2) JSLASH -> As a AutoGenerated compiler with in a limited amount of time.
3) JEEWeb -> used for enterprise
4) JSHELL -> used with linux
5) JSYNC -> Async enterprise Programming used with JEEJ$
6) Odollar -> Simillar to Jdk1.8  features
7)Oplus -> Used in American It sector.
8) Tdollar -> can be used as a helper Frameworks of JWEB to eliminate JWEB demerits.
9) Wsharp -> contains shortest statements and utilities
It is the best Programming language which interact with JWEB.
10) Petal -> It is used with VJAVA, JAVA, WEB professionals
11) WPLUS -> Attractive Indian latest Programming Language
12) VSlASH -> SIMILLAR to struts -spring orm Framework
13) GJAVA -> Used with google P.L
14) WHTML -> Used with JWEB and HTML
15) VJAVA -> Simillar to Jdk1.6 Features.
16) ADollar -> It is used in Advanced Business and A$ is used to interact with WEB.
17) UWEB => it is an american and U.k Programming Language based on WEB used in American and U.k sector.
18) BHTML and CSP => it is an Banking Programming Language invented in WEB.
19) JWebRemote => it is an one minute Automation WEB Advanced P.L for creating remoteserver.
20) JWebJSLASH => it is an one minute Automation WEB Advanced P.L
21) SAP =>interaction with sap P.L
22) PHY=> Interaction with phython P.L.
23) JWEB7  Advanced Business
=================================
JWEB7  is focused  on  interaction  with JSWORD.
Note: Here  we use  only   JDollar.exe  and JDollar .dll 

24)  JWEB7.0  with  JAVA7(OAKJAVA)
===================================

JAVA7(OAKJAVA)-J$  is  also  a part  of  JDollarPArt2

25)  JWEB7.0  with  AJAVA8
=======================

AJAVA8-J$  is  also  a part  of  JWEB7.0

Note:
=====

Technology code: 7 ; since 22  latest  technologies  are  most  important
for  solving  complex  problems.


